[WIP] Remove BitBag branding (#3)
rimas-kudelis/open-marketplace: README.md

## Customization

This project is highly customizable, [here](./doc/how_to_customize.md) is our guide on how to do it.

## Contribution

Every contribution is meaningful, kudos to everyone who helped us with developing this project! Issues and PRs are welcomed.

## We are here to help

This **open-source project was developed to help the Sylius community**.
We have no dedicated support channel (yet?), but for community support, feel free to join the official [Sylius Community Slack](https://sylius.com/slack) and ask your questions in **#support** channel there.

If you want to participate in the development, you can do it by submitting [pull requests](./pulls) or reporting [issues](./issues).

## License

This project's source code is completely free and released under the terms of the MIT license.

## Credits & Authors

Open Marketplace was originally developed and open-sourced by [BitBag](https://bitbag.io/), a Software House from Poland.

> See the full list of contributors [here](https://github.com/BitBagCommerce/OpenMarketplace/contributors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the full list of contributors [here](https://github.com/rimas-kudelis/open-marketplace/graphs/contributors).
```

Author: Do we want to change all these URLs, knowing that we'll have to change them again later?

Reviewer 2: @rimas-kudelis I would leave all urls until the repository name changes.
